I think that I would like to introduce the game rather than the real game this time .
It is this time of the game is the prototype 2 that game
Funeral procession and this game is called in the genre
It's kind of like a grassef, and it's carried like a grassef
It's a box garden game, but it's a little different from that of Gracef
This way father muon moon
There is none
Well there, there 's a face with a grassef soil.
If you say that is different
always
The state the player is using when the hero cheats
Okuda no one can remember and use it if you want you to forget early
This is a specification
Jump also
It is by setting
Minutes
Can hold people
Grab
That typhoon
Is this the biggest feature?
No
We have a variety to Macau ability other
I just go talk people selling to the normal selling
Hold in
That Kyushu
The soldier can be in the human body of the person who absorbed the star story
And nice feeling
Grandmother
High power
Tei was
Superman
Is this bye
Why to Toka when entering the Toka base of the enemy It Is Koto ability
Disguised as an enemy's clothing or becoming a school
It is convenient to be able to infiltrate such a thing
I'm already in this game and I have 3 police in Grasev
They have
Sometimes run away from the army
Anymore to become a figure different from when it was chased
It's all at once
I can do a little
Catcher well
In parentheses split dressed
the
Incoming call departure
After all there is something like this
Grain and close
Since the flame or even look you want applied to the teeth
There is no facebook
I am
I wish
They were mac
Hm
Jer Mon'n
Don't say that player status is now max
Bullets can be bounced
In the upper left truly 3 eat than Toka Ancha I'd have become physical strength Pop
Hp is I think that would be not back Once you have people net absorption are in hereabouts strange
Because it is a cheat class
doing
I'm sorry I say Tsu hurts
Army caves
Goods are
When surrounded there
Puchi爆 specific N
At the bottom of the physical strength to use Poi one of ability
Three
Many parties, etc.
Burger find it consuming
Also in the bar also recover anor determined
Pet Poi arrival
I have a suit
Four days
l'd become Kise
Matters to bear
5th place said
You will understand the safety shot once
Log to fly
Ain
It is feeling of the number of explosion to find
It is a game of feeling
Grand Theft Auto 5's
It has become a game to Fu that are using cheat mode always
Than that at all pressure data I'd object of the present invention is
By all means playing in can be only When is told so the day moving around in is not doing freedom
I hope you can see it
Because it has after something now game
If there is something I want you to do
I would like to answer that as well
By say
Game Introduction against Groot
Thank you for watching